Add INSTALL.md with pointers to plugin and operator installation + new HELM instructions (#1314)
intel/intel-device-plugins-for-kubernetes: INSTALL.md

# Installing device plugins to cluster

## Install device plugins via a DaemonSet

Each plugin can be installed via a DaemonSet. The install changes slightly based on the desired plugin. See install instructions per [plugin](README.md#plugins).

Installing plugins via DaemonSets deployes them to the ```default``` (or currently active) namespace. Use kubectl's ```--namespace``` argument to change the deployment namespace.

## Install device plugins via device plugin operator

A more advanced install method is via device plugin operator. Operator configures plugin deployments based on the supplied device plugin CRDs (Custom Resource Definitions). See installation instructions in the [operator README](cmd/operator/README.md#installation).

> Operator installs device plugins to the ```inteldeviceplugins-system``` namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operator installs device plugins to the same namespace where the operator itself is deployed.
```

Author: Sure. Though, I'd still add something like "Operator's default namespace is.." afterwards.

## Install with HELM charts

Device plugins can also be installed to a cluster using the device plugin [operator Helm chart](https://github.com/intel/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/device-plugin-operator) (depending on cert-manager and NFD). Individual plugin projects are under https://github.com/intel/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/.

> As with the method above, these steps will install device plugin operator and plugins under ```inteldeviceplugins-system``` namespace.

Reviewer: is it always the same namespace with helm or can you override with `helm install`?

Author: No, it's not hardcoded. If user chooses another namespace via **--namespace** then operator and plugins are installed under that namespace.

### Installing HELM repositories

```bash
helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io # for cert-manager
helm repo add nfd https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/node-feature-discovery/charts # for NFD
helm repo add intel https://intel.github.io/helm-charts/ # for device-plugin-operator and plugins
helm repo update
```

### Installing cert-manager

```bash
helm install --wait \
  cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager \
  --namespace cert-manager \
  --create-namespace \
  --version v1.11.0 \
  --set installCRDs=true
```

NOTE: cert-manager install takes a while to complete.

### Installing NFD

```bash
helm install nfd nfd/node-feature-discovery \
  --namespace node-feature-discovery --create-namespace --version 0.12.1 \
  --set 'master.extraLabelNs={gpu.intel.com,sgx.intel.com}' \
  --set 'master.resourceLabels={gpu.intel.com/millicores,gpu.intel.com/memory.max,gpu.intel.com/tiles,sgx.intel.com/epc}'
```

> ### Installing operator

Reviewer: We will need a subsection that explains how to list available versions (with `--devel` helm param).

Author: Added something, can you check if it's in the right direction?

Reviewer: looks OK, thanks!

# Installing device plugins to cluster

## Install device plugins via a daemonset

Each plugin can be installed via a daemonset. The install changes slightly based on the desired plugin. See install instructions per [plugin](README.md#plugins).

> Installing plugins via daemonsets deployes them to the ```default``` (or currently active) namespace. Use kubectl's ```--namespace``` argument to change the deployment namespace.

Reviewer 2: daemonset -> DaemonSet

See: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/

## Install device plugins via device plugin operator

> A more advanced install method is via device plugin operator. There the plugins are installed by supplying device plugin CRDs which the operator then converts into plugin deployments. See installation instructions in the [operator README](cmd/operator/README.md#installation).

Reviewer 2: I think this:
> There the plugins are installed by supplying device plugin CRDs which the operator then converts into plugin deployments.

Would read better as:
> Operator configures plugin deployments based on the supplied device plugin CRDs (Custom Resource Definitions).

> Device plugins installed via device plugin operator are installed in the device plugin namespace ```inteldeviceplugins-system```.

Reviewer 2: More simply:
> Operator installs device plugins to the ```inteldeviceplugins-system``` namespace.

Btw. Is this overridable by CRD?   If yes, add "... by default".

Author: CRD doesn't have a field for namespace, so no?

Author: Yep, it's up to the chart to handle namespaces. For example, prometheus can be installed as a dependency into a different namespace. But you'll have to supply the ns via values, not via helm install arguments.

## Install with HELM charts

> Device plugins can also be installed to a cluster with our Helm charts. Helm chart leverages the device-plugin operator which depends on cert-manager and NFD. The chart project for the operator is at https://github.com/intel/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/device-plugin-operator. Individual plugin projects are under https://github.com/intel/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/.

Reviewer 2: Maybe:
> Device plugins can also be installed to a cluster using the [device operator Helm chart](https://github.com/intel/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/device-plugin-operator) (depending on cert-manager and NFD). Individual plugin projects can be installed with Helm charts in https://github.com/intel/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/.

As with the method above, these steps will install device plugin operator and plugins under ```inteldeviceplugins-system``` namespace.

### Installing HELM repositories

```bash
helm repo add jetstack https://charts.jetstack.io # for cert-manager
helm repo add nfd https://kubernetes-sigs.github.io/node-feature-discovery/charts # for NFD
helm repo add intel https://intel.github.io/helm-charts/ # for device-plugin-operator and plugins
helm repo update
```

### Installing cert-manager

```bash
helm install --wait \
  cert-manager jetstack/cert-manager \
  --namespace cert-manager \
  --create-namespace \
  --version v1.11.0 \
  --set installCRDs=true
```

NOTE: cert-manager install takes a while to complete.

### Installing NFD

```bash
cat > tmp.yaml <<EOF
master:
  extraLabelNs: ["gpu.intel.com","sgx.intel.com"]

>   resourceLabels: ["gpu.intel.com/millicores","gpu.intel.com/memory.max","gpu.intel.com/tiles","sgx.intel.com/epc"]

Reviewer 2: Don't other plugins provide resources that should be listed here?

Author: I couldn't find others. @mythi can you confirm?

Reviewer: just GPU and SGX
